and I 'm going to teach you how to make a super
fast and delicious and super easy
guacamole look you see this heart with
love for you so quickly
I put with the ingredients
already of how fast we are going to prepare
This onion guacamole and I will
I recommend that you put it to your
like there are people who do not like the
onion and good they take it off but I
I think from my point of view that the
Guacamole without onion is not the same
so then I use this amount
because this onion is pretty strong
we cut
I cut along and then I turn it back to
cut
so that it is super thin
to me that I love the truth is that
I know how there are people who may not like it
the onion
I am more
as we would say in my country six in one
but at one time that person with a
new toy these knives have
gifted and the truth is that I'm super
Haunted
let's go child with new toy is that
they cut too good I have to go with
careful because if I can not cut the
fingers
here
it is not that it is well cut well
finite well small the pieces because
so you can spend a little more
unnoticed onion pieces
and now the tomato this tomato already what
I had previously washed
the tripping of the tomato does not
worry so much
and now with the avocado we take it out
with a fork we started to turn it off but
does not speak for chaves so much in
what
a good guacamole has to have some
pieces of avocados that
always the occasional piece of avocado
that if it was not already a cream
admits that easy is that it is super fast
and easy
and now we are going to add
very important the lemon
watch with the seeds
Pepper
I put pepper on it I love it
I put a little vegetable oil
I prefer vegetable oil sometimes
I put olive oil but I think the
vegetable oil respect a little more the
taste of what is avocado
and now we put salt
and last and quite important for
me is
the coriander
if you really like the side
you can cut thinner I like it
so thick the truth is that cilantro
I love the taste it gives the
food
and it is already
ready to eat
how it takes lemon can be preserved
fairly good
but you have to put it in a tupper that
I did not get any air and we already have the
ready guacamole
you saw stars how easy it is to do
this guacamole good since you're going to see
how are they going to ask me all the time
they ask me I said I look more
mexican than colombian venezuelan
Spanish so I hope that what
enjoy and you'll see how it's going to
like to see my beloved star